my name's mark and I'm the owner of
iconic interiors and this is a brief
video to discuss the Florence normal
furniture before we talk about the
furniture I just like to say I set up
iconic interiors seven years ago and it
was always with the intention to find
and sell the best reproductions in those
seven years I visited every year visited
a number of factories and with that one
intention in mind and that's just to
find the best you know Florence no chair
or Barcelona chair or lounger and in
that sense we can iconic interiors
complete on quality not not on price
coming with you know will never be the
cheapest in the market but equally we
just want to be offering the best
reproductions okay so let's talk about
the Florence normal furniture so we
there's three chairs here you've also
two seater sofas three theatres and
accompanying benches here we have the
purple Danish wool the chair and sat on
is the meal and you've got the leather
here which is very popular has a slight
mottled effect that gives it that sort
of antique vintage look yeah they said
it's these are the best ones we've found
very comfortable incredibly well put
together it's just they're just
beautiful furniture pieces if you'd like
to see any fabric samples then drop us
an email with your address feed
and we'll have them sent out in the
first-class post let us know which
colors you you have an interesting we
tend to send out a maximum at five or
six samples yeah I mean that's that's a
brief video about the fonts no furniture
thank you for watching